A partial upload of code only. Large files required to run backend including a Python configuration and a trained image classifier. Full project upload can be found at https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UMZijyXcAAU3EoUxzrzlgWgQTGpAcHE9/view?usp=sharing

Harry Gleeson final year project UCD Computer Science 2018.

Pancreatic insufficiency is a factor in certain chronic diseases and can lead to digestion problems, e.g., digestion of fats in people with cystic fibrosis. Medication such as pancreatic enzymes can be used to address this issue, however, calculating the correct dosage can be challenging. Dosages depend on the nutritional content of the food and on the individual; for example, one person with cystic fibrosis could need one enzyme capsule per 5 grams of fat, and a different person may need one enzyme per 10 grams of fat. While food labeling in recent years has helped, it is still very difficult to calculate the correct dosage of enzymes for a meal with several ingredients. Uncontrolled pancreatic insufficiency can cause severe symptoms in the short and long term for people with cystic fibrosis; therefore, a simple way of calculating dosages for meals is important.

The objective of this project is to create a mobile app that uses the device’s camera to take a photo of a meal (or separate ingredients), and analyzes the nutritional content. The focus of the project is on fats, but the student may implement other nutritional content if they choose. Following the analysis, the app should calculate the correct dosage of enzymes based on preconfigured user profile information. The app should be designed and implemented to run on a common mobile platform (iOS, Android).# MealAnalyzer
